I they're racing in the goo dolphin mile
and second summer and Ferriero about
slow to move triple nine drop back
shortly after the break
heavy metal came out very quickly North
America began well gifted master fast
away and that trio adjusting for the
lead North America in front of the
course proper twelve hundred meters out
gifted master holds the inside heavy
metal and neck away running third and
sharp as Decker is a Knick away running
fourth and he's out four wide with 1100
meters left to travel a break of three
of the halflings to win a giant one to
Ross on the inside of storm Adele and
then one to ferry on the inside of love
Bernardin three-quarters of a link to
Fitzgerald a length and a half calf uji
Tackett second summer is second last and
triple nines a length and a half away at
the tail of the field as they lived the
first quarter behind in twenty-three two
and a half in 45.5 they're whizzing
along and sharp Aztecas and deep on the
track had gone up to tackle heavy metal'
north america on the rail being ridden
along gifted master flying the white
flag rushed to the outside but the
American shop as Decker took over past
the quarter pole bounded two lengths in
front Ross running in the second spot is
giving chase second Sommers come from a
mile back to move to third and then
Faria sharp as take her in front second
summer is coming after him he went back
to the inside sharpers take a second
summer Ross on the outside three of them
second summer and Ross second summer
second summer Watson's done it again I
can often mild a red stable second
summer has won from Ross and sharp X
ticker and they drew will clear and
Fitzgerald Faria Kafue G taka integer a
long gap to North America heavy metal
put the back gifted master triple nine
and Laguna Dean came in last of all last
year it was one two three not quite this
year but I don't think they'll care
in those stables a little further up the
road with the red rubes second summer
written by Pat Dobbs has worn down sharp
as dicker and Ross and we wait for the
number to go up after the running of the
good ole fan Meyer the first on the car
they broke 24 but the first 400 meters
they broke 46 - the first 800 meters
Shar Peis ticker was why he took the
lead booted away at the top of the
street at second summer at Ross ran him
down at number five second summer Pat
Dobbs has one number one Ross Andrea at
C knee has run the second number six
sharp as tikka written by Ed guard
Isaiah says third Fitzgerald is fourth
cappucci taka has run fifth and farrier
has run sixth it